hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2013 action car film Fast &
Furious 6 the sixth film in the Fast and
the Furious series so let's get started
the spoiler does rely in part that
you've seen the previous film if you'd
like to see a summary check out my
spoilers below the film opens with Dom's
proving spread out after their heist in
Brazil DOM is living with a link Dom
sister Mia is living with Brian and
their son Jack Gisele and Han live
together
Roman integer living it up British Todd
and agent Riley Hicks investigates the
destruction of a Russian military convoy
which was led by a former British spec
ops member Owen Shaw Hobbs convinces Dom
to help capture Shaw by showing him a
photo of his supposedly dead former
lover let DOM and the crew accept the
mission in exchange for amnesty so they
can return back to the US in London they
find Shaw's hideout but is actually a
trap to distract the crew while shop
performs the heist at the Interpol
building Shaw blows up his hideout and
the crew pursue him when Dom's former
lover Letty shows up helps Shaw escape
and shoots down without hesitation Dom
survives and Hobbes explains that Shaw
is stealing computer parts to create a
deadly device that he plans to sell to
the highest bidder it has found that
Letty is suffering from amnesia and also
that Shaw is working with rock the drug
lord Brian put away on the fourth film
Brian returns to LA as a prisoner to
question Braga who says that Letty
survived the explosion that appeared to
kill her in the fourth cell Shaw ended
up taking in Letty after discovering
that she has amnesia Brian is released
and returns back to London with the rest
of the team Dom challenges Letty to a
street race and returns her cross
necklace that he had kept after the race
Shaw offers Dom a chance to walk away
threatening his family if he doesn't but
Dom refuses tej is able to track down
Shaw's next attack to a Spanish NATO
base Shaw's crew attacked the military
convoy for computer
ship that they need to complete his
deadly device the crew interferes and
Shaw and Letty get control of a tank
after some fighting and changing the
tank is flipped and Letty is catapulted
through the air but Dom catches her Shaw
and his team are captured but is
revealed that Dom sister Mia has been
kidnapped Hobbs is forced to release
Shaw and hablas partner agent Riley
reveals that she has actually been
working with Shaw all along and leaved
to aide Shaw Letty however choose to
stay with Dom after he saved her Shaw's
team boards a large aircraft on an
airway and Dom's crew pursuit eventually
rescuing Mia the plane attempts to take
off but the crew is able to weigh it
down by tethering their cars to the
plane Gisele sacrifices herself in order
to save Han Letty kills agent Riley
eventually the plane crashes and Shaw's
thrown from the plane seriously injuring
him Don recovers the computer chip and
gives it to Hobbs the crew is parted and
they return to LA they all meet for a
barbecue and Elena is now working with
Hobbs and she accepts that Dom loves
legend was with her now Letty is still
experiencing some amnesia but it's
comfortable with the rest of the crew
during the mid-credits scene we see han
is involved in the same car crash that
we saw in third film han dies in an
explosion and the mysterious driver is
walking away after leaving Letty's cross
necklace at the scene calling Dom saying
you don't know me you're about to
leading into the seventh film so that
was the spoilers for Fast & Furious 6 if
you have another film you'd like to see
me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out movie spoiler
alerts in our various forms the social
media listed below and remember to like
and subscribe thanks for watching